Codestyle, citations and contributors (Vladimir) (#3)
unfoldtoolbox/UnfoldDocs: src/index.md

# Unfold Ecosystem

> The Unfold family is a set of time-series analysis, visualization, and simulation toolboxes built around the Regression ERP (rERP) framework. That is, the application of multiple regression models to time series data. While all packages have a focus on EEG data, they can typically be easily applied to pupil dilation, skin conductance, or even fMRI data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Unfold family is a set of time-series analysis, visualization, and simulation toolboxes built around the regression ERP (rERP) framework. That is, the application of multiple regression models to time series data. While all packages have a focus on EEG data, they can typically be easily applied to pupil dilation, skin conductance, or even fMRI data.
```

   alt="Unfold.jl Logo bright"
   class="h-[45vh] object-cover"          
 />

> </picture></a></td><td>B. Ehinger</td></tr> 

Reviewer 2: mh. I'm not sure about this one. Let's discuss on Wednesday.

If we take it, I would rather put "Maintainer" there, but I think this clutters more than helps

## Citing

> Writing this software is an ongoing effort by many people. Please credit the use of our tools so that we can continue to develop tools for the community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writing this software is an ongoing effort by many people. Please cite our tools when using them so that we can continue developing tools for the community!
```

> In general, please cite the current Zenodo version of the toolbox (to give credit to current contributors and maintainers) **and** the published paper (to give credit to the initial effort to start a tool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, please cite the current Zenodo version of the toolbox (to give credit to the current contributors and maintainers) **and** the published paper (to acknowledge the initial effort to start a tool).
```

Unfold.jl: [Zenodo version](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5759066) and [published paper](https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.7838)

UnfoldMakie.jl: [Zenodo version](https://zenodo.org/records/14192333) and [published paper](https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.07560)

> UnfoldSim.jl: [Zenodo version](https://zenodo.org/records/14894630) and [published paper](https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.07560) (upd later)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UnfoldSim.jl: [Zenodo version](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7738651)
```
I replaced the doi with the one that always points to the newest version.
